******* Java 8 Practical Questions *********

1)  Given a list of integers, find out all the even numbers exist in the 	list using Stream functions?

2) Given a list of integers, find out all the numbers starting with 1 	using Stream functions?

3) Given a list of integers, find the total number of elements present in the list using Stream functions?

4) Given a list of integers, sort all the values present in it using Stream functions?

5) Calculating Maximum, Minimum, Sum, and Average of List elements using stream


6)Write the following methods that return a lambda expression performing a specified action:

PerformOperation isOdd(): The lambda expression must return true if a number is odd or false if it is even.
PerformOperation isPrime(): The lambda expression must return true if a number is prime or false if it is composite.
PerformOperation isPalindrome(): The lambda expression must return true  if a number is a palindrome or false if it is not.


7) Movie Rating System
--------------------------------------------
Question:
Create a Movie class with:

Movie Name
Genre
Rating

Using Stream API:

Display movies with ratings above 4.0.
Sort movies by rating.
Group movies by genre.
Find the highest-rated movie.


8) Method Reference with Collections

Question:
Create a list of city names.

Perform the following:

Display cities using Lambda Expression.
Display cities using Method Reference.
Sort cities alphabetically.
Display cities in uppercase.

9) Java 8 Date & Time API

Question:
Write a program to:

Display today's date.
Display the current month and day of the week.
Calculate the number of days between two dates.
Check whether the current year is a leap year.


10) Functional Interface – String Operations
------------------------------------------------------

Question:
Create a functional interface named StringOperation.

Implement the following using Lambda Expressions:

Convert to Uppercase
Convert to Lowercase
Reverse a String
Find String Length

